hey what's up Taylor Swift fans today
we've got teardrops on my guitar by
Taylor Swift obviously and I'm Lindsay
and these are the chords so we're going
to be needing B flat G minor 7 e flat
and F 7 over a which I will teach you
how to play F 7 over a which I will
teach you how to put if you didn't get
the rhyme the first time there it is
okay so we've cut B flat B flat D F okay
and then G minor 7 which is here we've
got G minor and here's the 7th I'm down
here so we've got G B flat D and an F
and then we need a flat E flat G B and F
7 over a which is here's F just plain F
here's F 7 so let's play all these with
your right hand and then we're gonna
play over a in our left hand so here's
the f7 chord not every position and
here's over a ok so with the lyrics we
start with the B flat chord so we got B
flat to G minor
me a flat Bona bum then go to your f7
over a so again f7 we've got over a go
back to your B flat chord that I want G
minor ah
f7 or a again here we go sell it out
over a time bomb
okay so keep that pattern going here we
go we're gonna start from the top with
your B flat and when you play a B flat
in the right hand play a B flat in the
bass same thing G minor up here we got G
in the base E flat and we've got a flat
and the bass and then our f7 chord we
want our a in the bass because it's over
a alright so here we go we've got this
is a verse starts with the verse so here
we go B flat to G minor
add me a flat take a smell so they won't
see
ah oh sorry here's your F over a
everything that we should be I'm a
cheese beautiful bottom B flat bottom
and then go back to your F over a which
is
right here and that gets you through the
verse okay so let's do the verse one
more time here we go so start on B flat
G minor E flat F over a
I'll be fast by G minor E flat F over a
a flat B flat F over a again and then it
goes into another verse let's check out
the chorus okay all the verses are those
same exact chords same exact two just
different words so here we go
the chords for the chorus B flat then
you do your F over a then you do your G
minor E flat and B flat okay so here we
go we've got B fight bone-on-bone I'm
gonna that's what burp on a sauna bum G
minor poem but I'm gonna eat flat bottom
but I bomb me sweat bunny bunny but
above F over a but I'm gone I'm gone on
G minor okay so that is a pattern for
the course let's do it again do it with
me you guys we've got phonon bunch
b-flat here we go
gee my opponent on a flat
be flat in the car in the car and F over
a don't know G
okay slowly again just with the lyrics
here we go
he's a reason for the teardrops on my
guitar holy thing that keeps a wishing
on a wishing star he's the song in the
car I keep singing don't know why I do
okay so same pattern over and over for
the chorus and then the other pattern
over and over for the verses and you got
it you guys
great job you guys you're doing awesome
today keep up the good work please be
sure to email us if you have any
requests the email address is request at
Mahal calm and be sure to check out our
other videos and subscribe to our
Channel and most of all have fun and
keep playing great job